POKEMON GO FUCK YOURSELF
POKEMON GO ? BANNED !!
THEY SUGGEST ME TO PLAY POKEMON GO
How far back was America great? in 1776, there were no Democrats or Republicans. Let's try that again.
Not sure if someone playing pokemon go or just using cellphone
And then we told them... let the voters decide
Doesn't agree with your opinion listens anyway.
I don't always watch political conventions... but when I do, these bottles of Dos Equis come in handy.
POKEMON GO ? No, thank you.
CALL ME A CUCK ONE MORE TIME AND MY WIFE'S BOYFRIEND WILL BEAT YOU UP
BERNIE'S SUPPORTERS WILL VOTE TRUMP THIS IS GETTING GOOD
i don't always go on vacation, but when i do work goes to shit
Hey guys, did you hear? If you write Pokémon Go as Pokemongo, it reads as Poké-mongo.
fox news lies gets her truth from ellen,the view and occupy democrats
i think muslims are more ignorant than the people who are accused of being racist against them
rape
if hillary gets elected i predict absolutely no change
i'd like to call it Ilummination Entertainment
for fucks sake, I'm "the coz" you really think i needed to drug those white bitches?
Gets home after curfew Parents get home later
how can hillary uphold the constitution  if she has perjured herself and been caught in many lies
a genie said i get three wishes. my first wish is to get unlimited wishes.
Such Koala Tea
fat shaming is wrong alex jones is a fat fuck
OBAMA........... YOu'RE FIRED !!!!!
another political convention this week Which celebrity do we turn to for their sage advice?
a genie said i get three wishes. my first wish is to get unlimited wishes.
tell me again how lemon water helps me lose 20lbs?
shouldn't republicans get to play the trump card since democrats have been playing the race card for 8 years?
You want to be Pokemon Master? Why not Pokemon PHD?
why did i waste my time supporting Bernie because to join hillary is double plus ungood
What if Mkhitaryan left BVB since he knew that Götze was coming back ?
I think the tesla model x is ugly
I don't always listen to hard rock but when i do, so do the neighbors
Smoke weed everyday
Right in the boner
I DON'T ALWAYS GO TO VEGAS  BUT WHEN I DO, ITS MY 37TH BIRTHDAY!
refuses to believe anything from fox news believes everything from ellen,the view and occupy democrats
I don't always use popular catchphrases but when i do, i use only the very most current ones, like "don't tase me bro!"
don't paint people with a broad brush! all whites are to blame for everything!
Hillary is  lying again
Goes outside for breath of fresh air Mugged, beaten, molested, raped, robbed, stabbed and shot
hillary cant handle  the truth
Finds out Alex doesn't like Clinton doesn't want to buy his tee shirt
mom says that we don't need to to stop by mcdonalds there's food at the house   nothing in the fridge or cabinet
Happy Birthday Ya son of a...
go to your room now not fair mom! (hehe that's where all my stuff is)
i don't believe in conspiracy theories unless they involve trump
donald trump should be the president
This is where I would put my pokemon IF MY PHONE COULD PLAY IT
hillary rigged the election to unfairly defeat sanders? omg trump is so evil
Chooses his allies carefully gets betrayed
says he's against corruption in politics supports hillary
syrian refugees in my country off with their heads
I am out of Guinness and only have Carlsberg left Better drink my own piss.
milions dies due to alchool and drugs and no one bats an eye one guy dies while playing pokemon go everyone loses their minds
that wasn't weed in that joint that got passed to me.
Seems Every four years Everyone has a major in a political science
My phone broke Now I have to listen to the radio to hear new Blink-182
I don't usually drive the speed limit through the neighborhood But when I do, I'm playing Pokemon Go
Okay, so no Turkey for Thanksgiving
why did i waste my time supporting Bernie because to join hillary is double plus ungood
A VOTE FOR HILLARY IS A VOTE FOR  4 YEARS OF THIS RAPIST IN YOUR WHITE HOUSE
So you mean to tell me You're 20% over budget and STILL spending money??
Y U NO Follow this blog?
POKEMON STOP .
mesa propose that parliament give immediately emergency powers to the Turkish President
CRUSH TOLD ME HER BUST SIZE I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO NEXT
when u finally get a Vaporeon In pokemon go
I see dead people EAT THEM!
POLICE SHOOT FIRST ASK QUESTIONS LATER - THEN DEMAND RESPECT  BUT THAT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS
i wonder how to  make a meme not racist
SO THEN I SAID THANKS ANDRE FOR YOUR VALUABLE CONTRIBUTION
CRUSH TOLD ME HER BUST SIZE I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO NEXT
when u finally get a Vaporeon In pokemon go
I see dead people EAT THEM!
POLICE SHOOT FIRST ASK QUESTIONS LATER - THEN DEMAND RESPECT  BUT THAT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS
Black life's matter Except all the black people who raid stores and say 'black life's matter'
i wonder how to  make a meme not racist
Reality isn't real only what you feel in your heart of hearts is real
anyone with a southern accent must be stupid
what i will look like... when i dieeeeeeE!
tries to search up goats on Google misspells it with an e at the end
I don't know where you are, but I will find you and sit in on your photo sessions
Smoke weed everyday
i dont always see planes in the sky.... but when i do i'm stuck on a island
when watching lord of the flies.... and trying to look interested
Please Teacher No pop quiz today!
PEOPLE WITH JOBS ALWAYS GO TO BED EARLY THE DAY BEFORE PAYDAY
my shirt isn't always blue but when it is, i match my cooler
Not sure if kidding... or just pulling my leg.
thanks for your time today you all rock!!
I dont binge often But when I do, i find people with robots and flying cars
I don't always break a leg... But when I do, I really fucking do!
I don't always make example memes But when I do, they are awesome
I don't always wax my carrot But when I do I'm watching Laura Ingraham Fascist Salute
So long And thanks for all the stationery
I really dont eat much But when I do, I eat the good stuff
Not sure if you guys are kicking a$$ or connie isnt around to point out the faults
hmmm.... my chin itches...
Not sure if good photoshop Or actually out adventuring
UNMUTE ME OR I WILL OBLITERATE YOUR SPECIES
y u no give coupon code
if i hold my arms over my head someone will carry me
Dont know anything about Pokémon, dont give shit Don't have to look like an idiot hunting imaginary creatures
If you have to constantly tell yourself you're a nice guy Then maybe you aren't one
All of these horribly stereotyped memes do not describe blondes at all. Like if you agree.
You know, I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads!
I don't always connect batteries with a wire  But when i do i burn myself
He spends endless hours Looking up bullshit Audiopioe specs .Spends 50 on my ring and 100 on a Audiopipe 5000
I Drink Beer because It is beer:30 somewhere
From the dark side Mondays are Take the day off you must
if my mom is not enrolled in the class doesn't it mean i have to clean up the lab after i use it?
face your fears show them true terror
the fight isn't over until you win
8====D~~~~
kill your doubts resurrect your dreams
push yourself to your limit then break it.
you've only lost if you stopped trying
they don't know i cracked their feeble parental codes
The way that people "win" is by convincing others that they are more right than the other guy
Seth Rollins wins the WWE Title AAAAAAND It's gone
Why does the Remainder Theorem makes no sence or meaning to life?
your phone is a flashlight in my day you need a flashlight to find the phone
oh yeah living the dream
me when i see my idoel EMGERSH LET ME SNIFF U PLZ
WHY CAN'T I HAVE MY HOUSE ON THE MARKET AND STILL IGNORE UNKNOWN NUMBERS WHEN PHONE RINGS?
i wonder if strangers ever hurt their things while tap dancing?
One Does Not Simply Understand Politics
parked new bike in detroit  aannnnd its gone
no thighhigh yoo die!!!
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY MAKE MEMES
Brace Yourself Trojan Condoms are at it's peak
Deny everything Admit nothing
You post online people keep scrolling. You make one typo, you get a fucking english lesson
Not sure if your joining team mystic or you're not playing pokemon go right
i just wasted your pa
guess what i got in so i'm coming away to school with you
no matter how many lies you tell me i see you for who you really are
let's count virgins 5,4,3,2,1,0 virgins i love it ahahahahaha
Book review in 10 seconds? amazing!
two bottles of clearasil and still thirsty
i will buy all your infrastructure
FAT SHAMING IS WRONG ALEX JONES IS A FAT FUCK
i put the capital f in faggot
opens pack of bacon slices stacked from the other side
MAKES A HELLO WORLD PROGRAM IN C BLUESCREEN OF DEATH
PEOPLE WITH JOBS ALWAYS GO TO BED EARLY THE DAY BEFORE PAYDAY
my shirt isn't always blue but when it is, i match my cooler
Not sure if kidding... or just pulling my leg.
thanks for your time today you all rock!!
I don't know where you are, but I will find you and sit in on your photo sessions
Smoke weed everyday
what i will look like... when i dieeeeeeE!
i dont always see planes in the sky.... but when i do i'm stuck on a island
I don't always follow policy And then Willie fires me.
i am all for diversity as long as they look think and like the same stuff i like
I don't always make example memes But when I do, they are awesome
I dont binge often But when I do, i find people with robots and flying cars
I don't always start my shift but when i do, i get paid
I don't  always  celebrate  anniversaries,  But Tom and Linda's, is a must my friends.
i don't always come late to class but when i do, i get the worst seat
I don't always wax my carrot But when I do I'm watching Laura Ingraham Fascist Salute
I DON'T ALWAYS SMOKE CIGARETTES BUT WHEN I DO, I PUT MYSELF AT RISK FOR DEADLY ILLNESSES
'Sir The Dinosaurs Escaped'  When Did We Make Them In The First Place
i don't always watch porn but when i do i make sure it's made by professionals
I don't always drink with this group but when i do the conversations are unpredictable
when watching lord of the flies.... and trying to look interested
I don't always play Civ V But when i do, i play with the expansions
What if I told you ...... if you don't like what I post....you can delete my page
I don't always get flash banged But when I do I know that I threw it
yeah if you could just grab the purple soda That would be grape
I will have time to like things once I've destroyed my workload
You Sir, Have My Respect.
hillary will do to the country what i did to monica
not sure if dad,  or if it's me
So, Trump having divorced twice in the past instead of just staying trapped in a failed marriage is more of a failure?
do you want a civil war? because that's how you get a civil war
no thighhigh yoo die!!!
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY MAKE MEMES
Seth Rollins wins the WWE Title AAAAAAND It's gone
One Does Not Simply Understand Politics
WHY CAN'T I HAVE MY HOUSE ON THE MARKET AND STILL IGNORE UNKNOWN NUMBERS WHEN PHONE RINGS?
oh yeah living the dream
Why does the Remainder Theorem makes no sence or meaning to life?
i don't get how people wold rather play pokemon  go rather than getting a job but that's none of my business
metal fork plastic knife
has a good life  is the universal face of bad luck
I painted a picture of all the people who know Tim Pence
the tax on tampons is a betrayal to women's rights and vaginas
High Lives Matter
He asked me to hunt pokémon with him So i guess you could say things are getting pretty serious
One DOES NOT SIMPLY MOW 57 ACRES
A vote for stein is not a vote for Trump.... A vote for stein is a vote for stein!
makes you a tea but does it wrong
The way that people "win" is by convincing others that they are more right than the other guy
Watch this; Mom, there's a monster under my bed gets affection and a cookie everytime
your phone is a flashlight in my day you need a flashlight to find the phone
me when i see my idoel EMGERSH LET ME SNIFF U PLZ
i wonder if strangers ever hurt their things while tap dancing?
FAT SHAMING IS WRONG ALEX JONES IS A FAT FUCK
what if I told you We watch 'Sound of Music' every Christmas
What if I told you We watch "Sound of Music" every Christmas
parked new bike in detroit  aannnnd its gone
do you want a trump presidency? Because this is how you get a trump presidency!
Dion Waiters took $2.9M from Miami?! He should have taken the koalifying offer
One Does Not Simply give a fuck
When one of your memes gets stuck on the front page under "new Images" And it wasn't one you thought was that great
your ass shut it, you must
Be careful to whom you give personal information to.
I'd rather be careful when it comes to personal information
just going to post this new dank meme  aaaannnd no one will ever see it again
DONT LET HER  PLUCK ME!!!!
Stop trying to make hillary happen it's not gonna happen
ooooohhh! too many fuckheads, there are.
back in my day, socialists cried for the people today, the people cry for the socialist
For every action there's a reaction. Blame yourself it was your choice.
I don't always accuse democrats of being morons but when I do, it's debbie wasserman schultz
I was a smug entitled white girl Before bernie or bust
You're being ridiculous!    Drink the motherfucking Koolaid!
One Does Not Simply Death Note? It's Not A Cartoon It's Anime
Hillary will do for the country  what id did for monica
Owes you money doesn't want to get called or mailed about it
Went to MIT Doesn't know how to click accept
Алтангэрэл найз охинтой болсон гэсэн очоод хартал дээд ангийн ахтай уулзаж байсан
paperclip tells me it looks like I'm writing a letter
Trump supporters be watching the DNC like
só observo essas mininas brigando por macho no facebook
Posts edgy memes but gets triggered when memes are posted about him but that's none of my business
I'm so glad I live in a deep blue state and can vote my conscience - jill stein If i lived in a swing state, I'd suck it up and vote for the lesser of two evils...donald trump.
You keep using that word "demagogue"... I don't think it means what you think it means
HELL YEAH
DID BLOOMBERG SAY HE IS A NEW YORKER & HE KNOWS A CON WHEN HE SEES THEM? I'LL SIP THIS TEA BECAUSE THAT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS
And That's Why  You don't mess with the sonos
Hillary sells 20% of our Uranium to Russia and accepts billions from foreign influencers and nobody panics Trump trolls media asking Russia to "hack" (find) Hillary's lost emails  on nonexistent server and everyone loses their minds
Kidney stones go through more screening than imigrants but that's none of my business
If you want party unity don't nominate the most divisive candidate in ages
Not my circus, not my monkeys Imma just sip my tea and watch the show
AT THE BEACH AND U GET SAND IN UR EYES
The dnc inivted the mothers of convicted thugs to speak at their convention. Didn't see the fathers, though? but that's none of my business
Always be prepared for class Or else I will give you this look
calls you a boring pathetic loser with no life, for flying drones in the park. spends 18 hours a day taking selfies and playing candy crush on her iphone.
mom!!! we're out of mountain dew!!! why the fuck didn't you get to the store before I finished the last of it?!!!
when you want to open up but you're the 7th seal
i made this meme took only 45 minutes!
call of duty developers y u no listen 2 community?!!
pokemon go play in traffic
pokemon go kill yourself
pokemon go poop
"hi, welcome to taco bell, what can i get for you today?" Do you guys serve kibbles & bits?
what is the best kind of weed? the kind that gets you stoned.
look marge I play pokemon go.
We have a two party system Face that fact and act accordingly
DNC emails didn't happen you will now stand with her
Obama should have canned DWS in Dec. of 2014 for sucking at her job. But that's none of my business.
islamic terrorism? this is europe!
When someone wakes you up  With a pokemon go meme
The face you make when daddy gives you his cummies
IF you dont look up while playing pokemon go Your going to have a bad time
i should start running
Women don't even deserve 76% of what men earn
I'm ridiculous
One does not simply fuck Jill Stein
I have so many friends... episodes that i've seen
That poop on the toilet bowl so hot right now
THAT MOMENT WHEN YOUR BASEMENT FLOODS AND YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHY
My appearance changed Watching CNN
You claimed that you left the tip on the table The bus boy determined that was a lie.
Screws over state citizens Wonders why no one love him.
Too lazy to type postcode makes a 100km detour
syrian refugees in my country off with their heads
I like to call it 5th grade
Call your kid something normal and nobody cares call your kid linus and everybody commits suicide
you said that dwight from Verizon told you to shove a satellite dish up your ass  the lie detector determined that was a lie he simply asked if you tried
Switzerland is politically neutral because they don't know on which side Chuck Norris stands.
Let me get this straight The DNC is mad at russia for trying to manipulate our elections by exposing that the DNC is manipulating our elections?
You ask him for your Nintendo back He gives you virtual boy
BIG UPZ TO OLLY RESPEK
Once Chuck Norris taught a kid to count that kid was Albert Einstein
me when i know it's almost home time
Angela merkel let in over 1 million refugees into germany. Thank you.
Make windows great again
brace yourrself sarcasm club is coming
What if I told You That you can be tuned in to the political and economic shitstorm in this country while still being able to catch dank, rare-ass pokemon
we will give these clowns apocalypse and then some
Poketards Poketards, everywhere
Hates cops when it was popular to hate law enforcement Loves cops now because it's now popular to support law enforcement
If gender doesn't matter... then why should i want a woman to be president?
$1000 winch on your $50k Jeep, but it doesn't have a scratch but that's none of my business
fourteen naps a day  and I still hate getting up
Today a lightning bug almost drowned and we were all like Coastguard rescue ninjas Except you know for bugs
if I a give a party the house burns
a jew invited me to a party i hope it's a gas
Hillary would be terrible against terrorism but that's none of my benghazi
So... Bill told you Hillary is the new Mother Teresa?
When your ex-boyfriend finds a new girlfriend after a week and she's ugly as F*CK But that's none of my business now...
You're being rude to the person handling your food. But that's none of my business.
Congrats! BT Marketing = world  Domination 2016
You'd think a female role model wouldn't sleep her way to the top but that's none of my business
Making the Dept Apps Team Great again!
Fix the Blog? Already done.
I don't always use memes  but when I do, I use a meme generator (thanks Catie)
This is Spraytan
I don't always copy a large stack of papers but when I do i feed them one at a time because I am afraid they will jam
My dog is a doofis
what that phenomenon will be called when aman does aman
Megprobál a haverokkal feljebb jutni a ranglétán De csak lejjebb esik
Put down that Daily Mail and tell me more about your grasp of left and right wing politics
says your post was great doesn't upvote
Megprobál a haverokkal feljebb jutni a ranglétán de csak lejjebb esik a trollkodásuk miatt
Lets make America sans serif again!
Shut the Fuck up
such design haz kerning
so your irish tell me how did your alcoholisim work out in your marrige
I don't Give a shit
It's birthday time!!! well...better late than never. happy birthday!!!
I don't always fall down drunk but when i do i can't get up..
Shut up Christopher
I Don't Always Call Benny But When I do, I want a Comp and a drink ticket
I DON'T ALWAYS THANK PEOPLE THROUGH MEMES BUT WHEN I DO, IT'S BECAUSE YOUR B'DAY WISH WAS THE BEST :)
I AM CRY
Wolf of Wallstreet - a movie about Money Laundering and Financial Crime Movie was funded by money laundering and financial crime.
create all the format lists
I'm sorry you want some leaves?
what if I told you That the Anc and the Eff are two sides of the same coin?
AND THEN I JUST STARTED WORKING AGAIN THEY THINK IT'S A NODE-SASS PROBLEM!!
One does not simply clear disk space Just have systems engineering do it
That sounds Terrible.
friend makes confession I reply with "okay"
"If you are not overachieving, You are not achieving." Heath Van Wyk
He wouldn't stop messaging me So I did this
The feline TV doesn't me grumpy... It's the lack of sports channels...
YOU SAID THAT THERE WOULD BE SNACKS AFTER LUNCH THE FACT THAT I'VE LONG FINISHED MY LUNCH AND THERE ARE NO SNACKS TELLS ME.. THAT WAS A LIE
You're saying it's not okay to talk about the misogynist Bill Clinton Because he's not running, but it's okay to talk about Melania Trump?
This otter be fun
First call of the day Have to refund 12 charges
Pagination
When PEople say to me  have you got nothing else to do but criticize any other band that isn't prog?
Brace yourselves New GTM is coming
Summer is full of hope. But October is coming
What if I told you that 100on100 was 2 weeks before this
what if I told you 100on100 was *2* weeks earlier
"I'm not reall sure why it tastes dry" Interesting
Brace yourself "I was too late" posts are coming
Y No Smilies in your signature
Y no smiley faces in your signature?
Not sure if he's mocking me or helping me
FUCK This meme is being used once again
regarde 12 CPU
Customer demanded all charges refunded got them to accept cancellation only
not sure if i'm an alcoholic or the closet isn't the best place to hide my rum
i Aint skeered of no 14.0
*11:15am
azk he is the north american player but he is the french stars
Unlimited
Interesting
You're saying it's not ok to talk about the misogynist Bill Clinton  because he's not running But it's open season on Melania Trump?
Hey girl I love it when you show me your pen collection.
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY CALL THE TECHNIKER!
Lucy tries to burn me With what? a small flame like that?
Prepare yourselfs Khoa's answer is coming
yeah, if you could rsvp to the wedding that would be great
JAAAARRRRROOOD
"Heat Wave" with highs in the 90's in MKE? That's our overnight low, but please, tell me more.
I don't always cry but when i do i use a hermione gif
If you had to vote for Hillary or Trump or get shot in the leg which caliber would you choose?
So, you're telling me your 2 year old son created the account
An appetizer to take to Denise's? I will call my mommy
Launch is almost here!
one does not simply set "only a few" coyote traps
If you had to vote for Hillary or Trump or get shot in the leg which caliber would you choose?
Brace Yourselves Alpha upfit is Coming
So you're telling me your 2 year old accidentally created the account
gps spoofing is bad but pokevision is fine? but that's none of my business
they killed kids and then  they call the robot
Brace Yourself Beard Jokes are comming ...
One does not simply  play terraria
Yo dawg what's uppeth?
Luke Hastings "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Surprise Madafaka
Brace yourselves Pokemon Go sermons are coming
So he should do again
You shall not backup
I was the most interesting man.. Until i met Enrique.
I've been chatting online with recruiters all day So I guess you could say things are getting pretty serious
And here is where we would put Lucy HeartfiliaTM's amazing comeback! IF SHE HAD ONE
Invests in air-con unit for summer Lives in UK
Swan, re-run those numbers... Or I'l have to get the spray bottle!
Verkflows I like to verk it verk it...
Look at all the fucks I give *tumbleweed*
Verk-flows I like to verk it, verk it...
i told them they should just give these as an FYI but im'ma just let it happen
we are not seeing RecentHandsPlayed
I still have to book my Lash master Legends ticket  It's a WEEK away!!!
Had threesome with my best friend and his gf he came first and instantly regretted the situation
YOU ARE GONNA BE How OLD??
Look at all the pennants i have
400 Magikarp candies to evolve a Magikarp? Challenge F***in' Accepted!
not sure if fraped or genuine
I want to go  soooo bad
I'm starting to understand...
And the Emmy goes to... Game of Thrones
What if i told you not hannes is the reason we lose in overwatch
Kiaaaa kehty ho?? Live ajaaaaaun :P FaiRy
In your code breaking your facets
jiten doesn't always talk But when he does he always burns people
VERT DA FERK DO YOU WANT FOR DINNER, HENRY?
Kiaaa kehty ho?? Live ajaaaaaaauun??? FaiRy
the tap water ice cubes ruined the tast of my ron rico
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY RESIST SHOPPING
PEOPLE ARE FIGHTING OVER COLLEGES EVEN BEFORE THEY ENTER THE CAMPUS BUT THAT'S NONE OF MY BUSINESS
Brace yourself Hanzo flamers are coming
NOT SURE IF COLIN IS ON MAC OR ON BROWSERSTACK
Jim is asking.... Am I the only one here selling today?
Spiritz with increased range and rediculous blocks, nobody bats an eye.. Zulu carrying everyone and people go ape shit crazy
Oh so you want to implement a policy for coming generations? Tell me how that works out for you!
Spends one hour reviewing LP CT changes objective
Y U No take me to tim horton's???
what kind of a handover is that?!
one does not simplly calcualate the acceptance angle of an oam beam
If you can't put any more rubbish into the bin It means it's YOUR turn to take out the trash!
BURN ALL THE SERVERS
Net..... "OK"?
YOUR FAM100 GAME IS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD
one does not simply get off a pip
Can Lay stay with you? What I mean is,  Can Lay stay with you,  Please???
I don't always share images on Facebook But when I do, I share ones that don't relate to me in any way
All I want are some friggin' Pretzel "Shells"
I DON'T ALWAYS GET BLOCKED OR UNFRIENDED ON FACEBOOK BUT WHEN I DO IT'S A GOOD INDICATION I WAS RIGHT AND THEY COULDN'T HANDLE IT!!!
Can Lay stay with you? What I mean is, can Lay stay with you Please???
Thursday Beers Business Cat Approves
balderdash! I daresay this may result in fisticuffs.
Brace yourselves Quiet period is coming
I don't always share photos on facebook but when I do, I share things that don't relate to me
we can haz Internet againz
Oh, you edited the LTN sponsor spreadsheet Tell me more about how you just destroyed all my automation
Net......................         "OK"
My mechanic wanted  over $1000 to put in a new A/C compressor. So I did some research, removed the shim from the A/C clutch and fixed it for free.
where is the ADJ number
silence i love you
whaaaaaaaattt!!!! You have not done your Webta??
These Peseants Thinking Crusty White People are Better Directors than May
why you so wrong??
What if i told you that team instinct and team valor suck
I Don't always avoid you, but when I do I totally don't mean to
not sure if df or sdf
WHAT DOES THE MESOS SAY?
Oh, you edited the LTN sponsor spreadsheet? Tell me more about how you just destroyed my automation
one does not simply assume they have a mental illness
Next Gen 4runner will offer a V8, get 45 mpg and cost less than a RAV4
Happy Anniversary I guess
Friends? I do not think that word means what you think it means.
hmmmmmmmm...........
MY car's A/C would quit working if it was too hot out. Mechanic wanted over $1000 to put in a new compressor. I did some research, opened up the A/C clutch, pulled out the little shim and fixed it for free
one does not simply repeatedly send messages to those who do not wish to be messaged
I hear there's a need to blow up your email
Did you guys heard? There's going to be a second generation of pokémon
If You would let me know when you're done with RVSVR2, that would be great.
I hear I need to blow up your email
Updates as quickly as possible regardless of bugs But that's none of my business
DO YOU WANT AN ESTIMATE BECAUSE THAT'S HOW YOU GET AN ESTIMATE
Yeah... If you could do those DTBs... That'd be great...
YO DAWG I HEARD YOU LIKE DEMOS So I made a demo of your demos
NO pressure anthony & jeff ...but you joined the winning team
I don't always bother you to run an offer but when I do, its constant
Not sure if stupid or just attention seeking
7pm - gleda audit schedule Još nisu makli boje pizda im strinina
ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY HAVE ICECREAM without sprinkles
The A/C in my car would quit working if it was too hot out. Mechanic wanted over $1000 to replace the A/C compressor I did some research, opened up the A/C clutch, pulled out the tiny spacer, and cleaned the clutch plate. Only cost me a cheap socket set and a wire brush.
NIe zawsze sie rzucam ale jak juz sie rzucam to tylko ngami
TOUCH MY MUsic and you know what comes next
Love grace baker i do same height we are ...
When oh When will  UPS be here with LuLaRoe
Practices are 6-8 pm Tuesday's and Thursdays Starting August 2nd
not sure if ctying or has something in eye
not sure if crying or has something in eye
Nie zawsze sie rzucam Ale jak juz sie rzucam to tylko nogami
It's Time For Rugby Tuesdays and Thursdays 6-8 pm
I don't always drink ningxia red everyday
INDIAN "POLITICS"
Do you want an entire generation to antagonize you? because that's how you do it
Do you want an entire generation of youth to antagonize you? because that's how you get antagonized
Raul, I don't ahve time for your Shit Just finish mowing the lawn
I didn't choose the hero lifestyle The hero lifestyle chose me
Why are you using AgileCraft to scale?
World in Conflict Corld in Wonflict
Raul, I don't have time for your shit
White Lives matter
MOM told me to eat all my vegetables  lets say im not sitting at that table anymore
Episodes from Liberty City Episodes lom Friberty City
no one like me on tinder but they did on my last day. So ive got that going on for me which is nice
I didnt follow them on Twitter and missed the swag!!
Just Finish Mowing the grass.
Donald Trump is like A Blue collar billionaire
ERMAGHERD DRWG RUVRSNS
So let me get this straight...
I hear you talking about wanting a 12 picked up... But i don't see you previously posting it on the slush
When You've Been Searching for that  RFP answer in Excel for 3 Hours
I don't always refinance with evergreen mortgage. Oh wait, yes I do.
he said he was a prude in plaid, but then he flipped me over in a 69  thug passion style, but that aint my buisness tho.
